Adds v1 of Schema reference (#46)
score-spec/docs: content/en/docs/reference/score-schema-reference.md

---
title: "Score schema reference"
linkTitle: "Schema reference"
weight: 10
description: >

>     Reference implementation for the Score schema.

Reviewer: Is this a "reference implementation"? Would suggest something like "Validate your Score file with the Score schema" or so?

Reviewer: @rachfop yes true! Any description that makes sense to you works (also just "Score schema") - I was just wondering if we want to refer to it as a "reference implementation"

---

> The Score schema is a JSON schema that defines the structure of a Score. It's used to validate the Score before the conversion tool (such as score-compose or score-helm) generates platform-specific configuration. The Score conversion tools validate the Score file against the schema before generating the platform-specific configuration, by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Score schema is a JSON schema that defines the structure of a Score file. It's used to validate the Score file before an implementation CLI (such as `score-compose` or `score-helm`) is executed. The Score implementation CLI validates the Score file against the schema before generating the platform-specific configuration, by default.
```
